CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

This document provides guidelines for contributing to the module.

## Dependencies

The following dependencies must be installed on the development system:

- [Docker Engine][docker-engine]
- [Google Cloud SDK][google-cloud-sdk]
- [make]

## Generating Documentation for Inputs and Outputs

The Inputs and Outputs tables in the READMEs of the root module,
submodules, and example modules are automatically generated based on
the `variables` and `outputs` of the respective modules. These tables
must be refreshed if the module interfaces are changed.

## Templating

To more cleanly handle cases where desired functionality would require complex duplication of Terraform resources (i.e. [PR 51](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-kubernetes-engine/pull/51)), this repository is largely generated from the [`autogen`](/autogen) directory.

The root module is generated by running `make build`. Changes to this repository should be made in the [`autogen`](/autogen) directory where appropriate.

Note: The correct sequence to update the repo using autogen functionality is to run
`make build`.  This will create the various Terraform files, and then
generate the Terraform documentation using `terraform-docs`.

### Autogeneration of documentation from .tf files
To generate new Inputs and Outputs tables run
```
make docker_generate_docs
```

## Integration Testing

Integration tests are used to verify the behaviour of the root module,
submodules, and example modules. Additions, changes, and fixes should
be accompanied with tests.

The integration tests are run using [Kitchen][kitchen],
[Kitchen-Terraform][kitchen-terraform], and [InSpec][inspec]. These
tools are packaged within a Docker image for convenience.

The general strategy for these tests is to verify the behaviour of the
[example modules](./examples/), thus ensuring that the root module,
submodules, and example modules are all functionally correct.

Six test-kitchen instances are defined:

- `deploy-service`
- `node-pool`
- `shared-vpc`
- `simple-regional`
- `simple-zonal`
- `stub-domains`

The test-kitchen instances in `test/fixtures/` wrap identically-named examples in the `examples/` directory.`

### Test Environment
The easiest way to test the module is in an isolated test project. The
setup for such a project is defined in [test/setup](./test/setup/)
directory.

To use this setup, you need a service account with Project Creator access
on a folder; the Billing Account User role is also required. Export the
Service Account credentials to your environment like so:

```
export SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON=$(< credentials.json)
```

Note that `SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON` holds the _contents_ of the credentials
file; if you see errors pertaining to credential type, ensure this variable
contains valid JSON, and not, for example, a path.

You will also need to set a few environment variables:

```
export TF_VAR_org_id="your_org_id"
export TF_VAR_folder_id="your_folder_id"
export TF_VAR_billing_account="your_billing_account_id"
```

With these settings in place, you can prepare a test project using Docker:

```
make docker_test_prepare
```

### Noninteractive Execution

Run `make docker_test_integration` to test all of the example modules
noninteractively, using the prepared test project.

### Interactive Execution

1. Run `make docker_run` to start the testing Docker container in
   interactive mode.

1. Run `kitchen_do create <EXAMPLE_NAME>` to initialize the working
   directory for an example module.

1. Run `kitchen_do converge <EXAMPLE_NAME>` to apply the example module.

1. Run `kitchen_do verify <EXAMPLE_NAME>` to test the example module.

1. Run `kitchen_do destroy <EXAMPLE_NAME>` to destroy the example module
   state.

## Linting and Formatting

Many of the files in the repository can be linted or formatted to
maintain a standard of quality.

### Execution

Run `make docker_test_lint`.

[docker-engine]: https://www.docker.com/products/docker-engine
[flake8]: http://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/
[gofmt]: https://golang.org/cmd/gofmt/
[google-cloud-sdk]: https://cloud.google.com/sdk/install
[hadolint]: https://github.com/hadolint/hadolint
[inspec]: https://inspec.io/
[kitchen-terraform]: https://github.com/newcontext-oss/kitchen-terraform
[kitchen]: https://kitchen.ci/
[make]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Make_(software)
[shellcheck]: https://www.shellcheck.net/
[terraform-docs]: https://github.com/segmentio/terraform-docs
[terraform]: https://terraform.io/

Commit message:

docs: clarify templating language in use (#2099)

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

This document provides guidelines for contributing to the module.

## Dependencies

The following dependencies must be installed on the development system:

- [Docker Engine][docker-engine]
- [Google Cloud SDK][google-cloud-sdk]
- [make]

## Generating Documentation for Inputs and Outputs

The Inputs and Outputs tables in the READMEs of the root module,
submodules, and example modules are automatically generated based on
the `variables` and `outputs` of the respective modules. These tables
must be refreshed if the module interfaces are changed.

## Templating

To more cleanly handle cases where desired functionality would require complex duplication of Terraform resources (i.e. [PR 51](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-kubernetes-engine/pull/51)), this repository is largely generated from the [`autogen`](/autogen) directory.

This uses [Jinja2](https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/3.1.x/) under the hood for templating.

The root module is generated by running `make build`. Changes to this repository should be made in the [`autogen`](/autogen) directory where appropriate.

Note: The correct sequence to update the repo using autogen functionality is to run
`make build`.  This will create the various Terraform files, and then
generate the Terraform documentation using `terraform-docs`.

### Autogeneration of documentation from .tf files
To generate new Inputs and Outputs tables run
```
make docker_generate_docs
```

## Integration Testing

Integration tests are used to verify the behaviour of the root module,
submodules, and example modules. Additions, changes, and fixes should
be accompanied with tests.

The integration tests are run using [Kitchen][kitchen],
[Kitchen-Terraform][kitchen-terraform], and [InSpec][inspec]. These
tools are packaged within a Docker image for convenience.

The general strategy for these tests is to verify the behaviour of the
[example modules](./examples/), thus ensuring that the root module,
submodules, and example modules are all functionally correct.

Six test-kitchen instances are defined:

- `deploy-service`
- `node-pool`
- `shared-vpc`
- `simple-regional`
- `simple-zonal`
- `stub-domains`

The test-kitchen instances in `test/fixtures/` wrap identically-named examples in the `examples/` directory.`

### Test Environment
The easiest way to test the module is in an isolated test project. The
setup for such a project is defined in [test/setup](./test/setup/)
directory.

To use this setup, you need a service account with Project Creator access
on a folder; the Billing Account User role is also required. Export the
Service Account credentials to your environment like so:

```
export SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON=$(< credentials.json)
```

Note that `SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON` holds the _contents_ of the credentials
file; if you see errors pertaining to credential type, ensure this variable
contains valid JSON, and not, for example, a path.

You will also need to set a few environment variables:

```
export TF_VAR_org_id="your_org_id"
export TF_VAR_folder_id="your_folder_id"
export TF_VAR_billing_account="your_billing_account_id"
```

With these settings in place, you can prepare a test project using Docker:

```
make docker_test_prepare
```

### Noninteractive Execution

Run `make docker_test_integration` to test all of the example modules
noninteractively, using the prepared test project.

### Interactive Execution

1. Run `make docker_run` to start the testing Docker container in
   interactive mode.

1. Run `kitchen_do create <EXAMPLE_NAME>` to initialize the working
   directory for an example module.

1. Run `kitchen_do converge <EXAMPLE_NAME>` to apply the example module.

1. Run `kitchen_do verify <EXAMPLE_NAME>` to test the example module.

1. Run `kitchen_do destroy <EXAMPLE_NAME>` to destroy the example module
   state.

## Linting and Formatting

Many of the files in the repository can be linted or formatted to
maintain a standard of quality.

### Execution

Run `make docker_test_lint`.

[docker-engine]: https://www.docker.com/products/docker-engine
[flake8]: http://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/
[gofmt]: https://golang.org/cmd/gofmt/
[google-cloud-sdk]: https://cloud.google.com/sdk/install
[hadolint]: https://github.com/hadolint/hadolint
[inspec]: https://inspec.io/
[kitchen-terraform]: https://github.com/newcontext-oss/kitchen-terraform
[kitchen]: https://kitchen.ci/
[make]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Make_(software)
[shellcheck]: https://www.shellcheck.net/
[terraform-docs]: https://github.com/segmentio/terraform-docs
[terraform]: https://terraform.io/
