modules/acm/README.md, before:

# Terraform Kubernetes Engine ACM Submodule

This module installs [Anthos Config Management](https://cloud.google.com/anthos-config-management/docs/) (ACM) in a Kubernetes cluster.

Specifically, this module automates the following steps for [installing ACM](https://cloud.google.com/anthos-config-management/docs/how-to/installing):
1. Enabling the ACM feature on the fleet
2. Registering the cluster to the fleet
3. Optionally, generating an SSH key for accessing Git and providing it to the Operator
4. Configuring the ACM feature on your cluster
5. Optionally, installing ACM Policy Controller [Policy Bundle(s)](https://cloud.google.com/anthos-config-management/docs/concepts/policy-controller-bundles)
6. Optionally, create and configure a Google Cloud Service Account for writing ACM metrics to Cloud Monitoring

## Fleet feature
Only the first cluster in a fleet should activate the ACM fleet feature.

Other clusters should disable feature activation by setting `enable_fleet_feature = false`.

## Usage

There is a [full example](../../examples/simple_zonal_with_acm) provided. Simple usage is as follows:

```tf
data "google_client_config" "default" {}

provider "kubernetes" {
  host                   = "https://${module.gke.endpoint}"
  token                  = data.google_client_config.default.access_token
  cluster_ca_certificate = base64decode(module.gke.ca_certificate)
}

module "acm" {
  source           = "terraform-google-modules/kubernetes-engine/google//modules/acm"

  project_id       = "my-project-id"
  cluster_name     = "my-cluster-name"
  location         = module.gke.location
  sync_repo        = "git@github.com:GoogleCloudPlatform/anthos-config-management-samples.git"
  sync_branch      = "1.0.0"
  policy_dir       = "foo-corp"

  # ACM Policy Controller Policy Essentials Policy Bundle: https://cloud.google.com/anthos-config-management/docs/how-to/using-policy-essentials-v2022
  policy_bundles = ["https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/acm-policy-controller-library/bundles/policy-essentials-v2022#e4094aacb91a35b0219f6f4cf6a31580e85b3c28"]

  create_metrics_gcp_sa = true
}
```

To deploy this config:
1. Configure the [Kubernetes Provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs) for the target cluster, for example:

```
provider "kubernetes" {
  host                   = "https://${module.gke.endpoint}"
  token                  = data.google_client_config.default.access_token
  cluster_ca_certificate = base64decode(module.gke.ca_certificate)
}

data "google_client_config" "default" {}
```

2. Run `terraform apply`
3. Inspect the `git_creds_public` [output](#outputs) to retrieve the public key used for accessing Git. Whitelist this key for access to your Git repo. Instructions for some popular Git hosting providers are included for convenience:

  * [Cloud Souce Repositories](https://cloud.google.com/source-repositories/docs/authentication#ssh)
  * [Bitbucket](https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucket/set-up-an-ssh-key-728138079.html)
  * [GitHub](https://help.github.com/articles/adding-a-new-ssh-key-to-your-github-account/)
  * [Gitlab](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ssh/)

 <!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| cluster\_membership\_id | The cluster membership ID. If unset, one will be autogenerated. | `string` | `""` | no |
| cluster\_name | GCP cluster Name used to reach cluster and which becomes the cluster name in the Config Sync kubernetes custom resource. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| configmanagement\_version | Version of ACM. | `string` | `""` | no |
| create\_metrics\_gcp\_sa | Create a Google service account for ACM metrics writing | `bool` | `false` | no |
| create\_ssh\_key | Controls whether a key will be generated for Git authentication | `bool` | `true` | no |
| enable\_config\_sync | Whether to enable the ACM Config Sync on the cluster | `bool` | `true` | no |
| enable\_fleet\_feature | Whether to enable the ACM feature on the fleet. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| enable\_fleet\_registration | Whether to create a new membership. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| enable\_log\_denies | Whether to enable logging of all denies and dryrun failures for ACM Policy Controller. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| enable\_policy\_controller | Whether to enable the ACM Policy Controller on the cluster | `bool` | `true` | no |
| enable\_referential\_rules | Enables referential constraints which reference another object in it definition and are therefore eventually consistent. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| hierarchy\_controller | Configurations for Hierarchy Controller. See [Hierarchy Controller docs](https://cloud.google.com/anthos-config-management/docs/how-to/installing-hierarchy-controller) for more details | `map(any)` | `null` | no |
| https\_proxy | URL for the HTTPS proxy to be used when communicating with the Git repo. | `string` | `null` | no |
| install\_template\_library | Whether to install the default Policy Controller template library | `bool` | `true` | no |
| location | GCP location used to reach cluster. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| metrics\_gcp\_sa\_name | The name of the Google service account for ACM metrics writing | `string` | `"acm-metrics-writer"` | no |
| policy\_bundles | A list of Policy Controller policy bundles git urls (example: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/acm-policy-controller-library.git/bundles/policy-essentials-v2022) to install on the cluster. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| policy\_dir | Subfolder containing configs in ACM Git repo. If un-set, uses Config Management default. | `string` | `""` | no |
| project\_id | GCP project\_id used to reach cluster. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| secret\_type | git authentication secret type, is passed through to ConfigManagement spec.git.secretType. Overriden to value 'ssh' if `create_ssh_key` is true | `string` | `"ssh"` | no |
| source\_format | Configures a non-hierarchical repo if set to 'unstructured'. Uses [ACM defaults](https://cloud.google.com/anthos-config-management/docs/how-to/installing#configuring-config-management-operator) when unset. | `string` | `""` | no |
| ssh\_auth\_key | Key for Git authentication. Overrides 'create\_ssh\_key' variable. Can be set using 'file(path/to/file)'-function. | `string` | `null` | no |
| sync\_branch | ACM repo Git branch. If un-set, uses Config Management default. | `string` | `""` | no |
| sync\_repo | ACM Git repo address | `string` | `""` | no |
| sync\_revision | ACM repo Git revision. If un-set, uses Config Management default. | `string` | `""` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| acm\_metrics\_writer\_sa | The ACM metrics writer Service Account |
| configmanagement\_version | Version of ACM installed. |
| git\_creds\_public | Public key of SSH keypair to allow the Anthos Config Management Operator to authenticate to your Git repository. |
| wait | An output to use when you want to depend on cmd finishing |

 <!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

Support enabling Policy Controller mutations

modules/acm/README.md, after:

# Terraform Kubernetes Engine ACM Submodule

This module installs [Anthos Config Management](https://cloud.google.com/anthos-config-management/docs/) (ACM) in a Kubernetes cluster.

Specifically, this module automates the following steps for [installing ACM](https://cloud.google.com/anthos-config-management/docs/how-to/installing):

1. Enabling the ACM feature on the fleet
2. Registering the cluster to the fleet
3. Optionally, generating an SSH key for accessing Git and providing it to the Operator
4. Configuring the ACM feature on your cluster
5. Optionally, installing ACM Policy Controller [Policy Bundle(s)](https://cloud.google.com/anthos-config-management/docs/concepts/policy-controller-bundles)
6. Optionally, create and configure a Google Cloud Service Account for writing ACM metrics to Cloud Monitoring

## Fleet feature

Only the first cluster in a fleet should activate the ACM fleet feature.

Other clusters should disable feature activation by setting `enable_fleet_feature = false`.

## Usage

There is a [full example](../../examples/simple_zonal_with_acm) provided. Simple usage is as follows:

```tf
data "google_client_config" "default" {}

provider "kubernetes" {
  host                   = "https://${module.gke.endpoint}"
  token                  = data.google_client_config.default.access_token
  cluster_ca_certificate = base64decode(module.gke.ca_certificate)
}

module "acm" {
  source           = "terraform-google-modules/kubernetes-engine/google//modules/acm"

  project_id       = "my-project-id"
  cluster_name     = "my-cluster-name"
  location         = module.gke.location
  sync_repo        = "git@github.com:GoogleCloudPlatform/anthos-config-management-samples.git"
  sync_branch      = "1.0.0"
  policy_dir       = "foo-corp"

  # ACM Policy Controller Policy Essentials Policy Bundle: https://cloud.google.com/anthos-config-management/docs/how-to/using-policy-essentials-v2022
  policy_bundles = ["https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/acm-policy-controller-library/bundles/policy-essentials-v2022#e4094aacb91a35b0219f6f4cf6a31580e85b3c28"]

  create_metrics_gcp_sa = true
}
```

To deploy this config:

1. Configure the [Kubernetes Provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/kubernetes/latest/docs) for the target cluster, for example:

```tf
provider "kubernetes" {
  host                   = "https://${module.gke.endpoint}"
  token                  = data.google_client_config.default.access_token
  cluster_ca_certificate = base64decode(module.gke.ca_certificate)
}

data "google_client_config" "default" {}
```

1. Run `terraform apply`
1. Inspect the `git_creds_public` [output](#outputs) to retrieve the public key used for accessing Git. Whitelist this key for access to your Git repo. Instructions for some popular Git hosting providers are included for convenience:

* [Cloud Souce Repositories](https://cloud.google.com/source-repositories/docs/authentication#ssh)
* [Bitbucket](https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucket/set-up-an-ssh-key-728138079.html)
* [GitHub](https://help.github.com/articles/adding-a-new-ssh-key-to-your-github-account/)
* [Gitlab](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ssh/)

 <!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| cluster\_membership\_id | The cluster membership ID. If unset, one will be autogenerated. | `string` | `""` | no |
| cluster\_name | GCP cluster Name used to reach cluster and which becomes the cluster name in the Config Sync kubernetes custom resource. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| configmanagement\_version | Version of ACM. | `string` | `""` | no |
| create\_metrics\_gcp\_sa | Create a Google service account for ACM metrics writing | `bool` | `false` | no |
| create\_ssh\_key | Controls whether a key will be generated for Git authentication | `bool` | `true` | no |
| enable\_config\_sync | Whether to enable the ACM Config Sync on the cluster | `bool` | `true` | no |
| enable\_fleet\_feature | Whether to enable the ACM feature on the fleet. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| enable\_fleet\_registration | Whether to create a new membership. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| enable\_log\_denies | Whether to enable logging of all denies and dryrun failures for ACM Policy Controller. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| enable\_mutation | Whether to enable mutations for ACM Policy Controller. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| enable\_policy\_controller | Whether to enable the ACM Policy Controller on the cluster | `bool` | `true` | no |
| enable\_referential\_rules | Enables referential constraints which reference another object in it definition and are therefore eventually consistent. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| hierarchy\_controller | Configurations for Hierarchy Controller. See [Hierarchy Controller docs](https://cloud.google.com/anthos-config-management/docs/how-to/installing-hierarchy-controller) for more details | `map(any)` | `null` | no |
| https\_proxy | URL for the HTTPS proxy to be used when communicating with the Git repo. | `string` | `null` | no |
| install\_template\_library | Whether to install the default Policy Controller template library | `bool` | `true` | no |
| location | GCP location used to reach cluster. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| metrics\_gcp\_sa\_name | The name of the Google service account for ACM metrics writing | `string` | `"acm-metrics-writer"` | no |
| policy\_bundles | A list of Policy Controller policy bundles git urls (example: <https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/acm-policy-controller-library.git/bundles/policy-essentials-v2022>) to install on the cluster. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| policy\_dir | Subfolder containing configs in ACM Git repo. If un-set, uses Config Management default. | `string` | `""` | no |
| project\_id | GCP project\_id used to reach cluster. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| secret\_type | git authentication secret type, is passed through to ConfigManagement spec.git.secretType. Overriden to value 'ssh' if `create_ssh_key` is true | `string` | `"ssh"` | no |
| source\_format | Configures a non-hierarchical repo if set to 'unstructured'. Uses [ACM defaults](https://cloud.google.com/anthos-config-management/docs/how-to/installing#configuring-config-management-operator) when unset. | `string` | `""` | no |
| ssh\_auth\_key | Key for Git authentication. Overrides 'create\_ssh\_key' variable. Can be set using 'file(path/to/file)'-function. | `string` | `null` | no |
| sync\_branch | ACM repo Git branch. If un-set, uses Config Management default. | `string` | `""` | no |
| sync\_repo | ACM Git repo address | `string` | `""` | no |
| sync\_revision | ACM repo Git revision. If un-set, uses Config Management default. | `string` | `""` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| acm\_metrics\_writer\_sa | The ACM metrics writer Service Account |
| configmanagement\_version | Version of ACM installed. |
| git\_creds\_public | Public key of SSH keypair to allow the Anthos Config Management Operator to authenticate to your Git repository. |
| wait | An output to use when you want to depend on cmd finishing |

 <!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
